hey what's up guys I just bought me a
tripod actually a couple days ago
watch me I got it the day before the day
before Christmas and I got it today and
I've been testing it out this is a bow
Bauer trunk line I got this epsiode
Amazon for $18 and let me just say
something right now this tripod is a
very good tripod for $18 if you actually
find the tripod if it's still 18 bucks
on Amazon I recommend you get it this is
a really really nice amateur tripod I
mean it's nothing Pro or anything but I
mean if you're just starting out and
you're just looking for a really nice
tripod this is the way to go and for
another thing is get a really nice case
with it so yeah
I'll put in
all right so this it's like I'm using it
from the cameras on the tripod
I'm using to see it runs really smooth
again
and of course you find it so you have it
all
and easy lashley latch switch are here
to see easily then take it off
you got like a little Bugaboo insolence
clone
yeah
and the height of this tripod at you is
the 72 minutes I'll demonstrate around
and if you think that's just Heisey and
go you can go a lot more haider than
this guy just don't screw this ring here
Oh
yeah see yeah that's fun sizing yo doing
do a size comparison
miss colleges and I'm about almost six
foot
see ya